[documentation] deepsparse user guide (#959)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: user-guide/deepsparse-pipelines.md

# DeepSparse Pipelines

Pipelines are the default API for deploying a model with DeepSparse. 

Similar to Hugging Face Pipelines, DeepSparse Pipelines wrap inference with task-specific

> pre- and post-processing, enabling you to pass raw data and recieve the predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre- and post-processing, enabling you to pass raw data and receive the predictions.
```

## Quickstart

> Let's try a quick example of the Pipeline API. All we have to do is pass a task and model to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us try a quick example of the Pipeline API. All we have to do is pass a task and model to the
```

**Computer Vision**:
- Image Classification: `task="image_classification"`
- Object Detection: `task="yolo"`
- Instance Segmentation: `task="yolact"`

**Natural Language Processing**:
- Embedding Extraction:`task="transformers_embedding_extraction"`
- Text Classification: `task="text-classification"`
- Zero Shot Text Classification: `task="zero-shot-text-classification"` 
- Sentiment Analysis: `task="sentiment-analysis"`
- Token Classification: `task="token-classification"`
- Question Answering: `task="question-answering"`

## Custom Use Case

Beyond officially supported use cases, Pipelines can be extended to additional tasks via the 
`CustomTaskPipeline`.

`CustomTaskPipelines` are passed the following arguments:
- `model_path` - a SparseZoo stub or path to a local ONNX file
- `process_inputs_fn` - an optional function that handles pre-processing of input into a list 
of numpy arrays that can be passed directly to the inference forward pass
- `process_outputs_fn` - an optional function that handles post-processing of the list of numpy arrays 
that are the output of the engine forward pass 

> Let's demonstrate an example of how we could replicate the functionality of the image classification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To replicate the functionality of the image classification
```

> pipeline as a custom Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pipeline as a custom Pipeline, an example is provided.
```

]
output = sentiment_analysis_pipeline(sentences)
print(output)

# >>> labels=['positive', 'negative', 'positive'] scores=[0.9969560503959656, 0.9964107871055603, 0.7127435207366943]
```

### Number of Cores

The `num_cores` argument configures the number of physical cores used by DeepSparse. The default is None, which
instructs DeepSparse to use all physical cores available on the system. We can override to use only
one core with the following:

```python
from deepsparse import Pipeline

zoo_stub = "zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none"  
sentiment_analysis_pipeline = Pipeline.create(
  task="sentiment-analysis",    # name of the task
  model_path=zoo_stub,          # zoo stub or path to local onnx file
  num_cores=1
)

sentences = "I love how DeepSparse makes it easy to configure the number of cores used"

output = sentiment_analysis_pipeline(sentences)
print(output)

# >> labels=['positive'] scores=[0.9951152801513672] << but runs slower than if using all cores
```

### Dynamic Batch Size

We can utilize an the multi-stream capabilites of DeepSparse to make requests with dynamic batch sizes.

> Let's create an example with a single sentiment analysis Pipeline with dynamic batch sizes by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us create an example with a single sentiment analysis Pipeline with dynamic batch sizes by 
```

setting the `batch_size` argument to None. Under the hood, the pipeline will split the batch into 
multiple asynchronous requests using the multi-stream scheduler.

```python
from deepsparse import Pipeline

zoo_stub = "zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none"  
sentiment_analysis_pipeline = Pipeline.create(
    task="sentiment_analysis",
    model_path=zoo_stub,
    batch_size=None,        # setting to None enables dynamic batch
)

b1_request = ["This multi model concept is great!"]
b4_request = b1_request * 4

output_b1 = sentiment_analysis_pipeline(b1_request)
output_b4 = sentiment_analysis_pipeline(b4_request)

print(output_b1)
# >> labels=['positive'] scores=[0.9995297789573669]

print(output_b4)
# >> labels=['positive', 'positive', 'positive', 'positive'] scores=[0.9995297789573669, 0.9995297789573669, 0.9995297789573669, 0.9995297789573669]
```

### Deploy Multiple Models on the Same System

Some deployment scenarios will require running multiple instances of DeepSparse on a single 

> machine. DeepSparse includes a concepts called Context. Contexts can be used to run multiple 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machine. DeepSparse includes a concept called Context. Contexts can be used to run multiple 
```

models with the same scheduler, enabling DeepSparse to manage the resources of the system effectively, 
keeping engines that are running different models from fighting over resources.

> Let's create an example with multiple sentiment analysis Pipelines, one with batch size 1 (for maximum latency) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an example with multiple sentiment analysis Pipelines, one with batch size 1 (for maximum latency) 
```

> and one with batch size 32 (for maximum throughput).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and one with batch size 32 (for maximum throughput):
```

# DeepSparse Pipelines

Pipelines are the default API for deploying a model with DeepSparse. 

Similar to Hugging Face Pipelines, DeepSparse Pipelines wrap inference with task-specific
pre- and post-processing, enabling you to pass raw data and recieve the predictions.

## Quickstart

> Let's try a quick example of the Pipeline API. All we have to is pass a task and model to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's try a quick example of the Pipeline API. All we have to do is pass a task and model to the
```

the `Pipeline.create` function, and then we can run inference on raw data using DeepSparse!

This example creates a sentiment analysis Pipeline with a 90% pruned-quantized verion of BERT
from the SparseZoo.

```python
from deepsparse import Pipeline

# download and compile onnx, create pipeline 
zoo_stub = "zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none"
sentiment_analysis_pipeline = Pipeline.create(
  task="sentiment-analysis",    # name of the task
  model_path=zoo_stub,          # zoo stub or path to local onnx file
)

# run inference
print(sentiment_analysis_pipeline("I love using DeepSparse Pipelines"))
# >>> labels=['positive'] scores=[0.9954759478569031]
```

> In this case, we passed a SparseZoo stub as the model, which instructs the DeepSparse to download the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case we passed a SparseZoo stub as the model, which instructs DeepSparse to download the 
```

```python
from deepsparse import Pipeline

zoo_stub = "zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none"  
batch_size = 3
sentiment_analysis_pipeline = Pipeline.create(
  task="sentiment-analysis",    # name of the task
  model_path=zoo_stub,          # zoo stub or path to local onnx file
  batch_size=batch_size         # default is batch 1
)

sentences = [
    "I love DeepSparse Pipelines",
    "I hated changing the batch size with my prior Deep Learning framework",
    "DeepSparse makes it very easy to adjust the batch size"
]
output = sentiment_analysis_pipeline(sentences)
print(output)

# >>> labels=['positive', 'negative', 'positive'] scores=[0.9969560503959656, 0.9964107871055603, 0.7127435207366943]
```

### Number of Cores

The `num_cores` argument configures the number of physical cores used by DeepSparse. The default is None, which
instructs DeepSparse to use all physical cores available on the system. We can override to use only
one core with the following:

```python
from deepsparse import Pipeline

zoo_stub = "zoo:nlp/sentiment_analysis/obert-base/pytorch/huggingface/sst2/pruned90_quant-none"  

> num_cores = 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
